["Anyone Who Knows What Love Is
(Will Understand)" playing]
[rain pattering]
[glass squeaking]
♪ Anyone… ♪
[thunder rumbling]
♪ Anyone ♪
♪ You can blame me ♪
♪ Try to shame me ♪
♪ And I'll still care for you ♪
♪ You can run around ♪
♪ Even put me down… ♪
[keys jangling]
-♪ Still I'll be there for you ♪
-[song fades out]
[breathing deeply]
[sniffles]
[unsettling music playing]
[sighs. sniffles]
[thunder clapping]
[gasps]
[gasps. sniffles]
[unsettling music continues]
[unsettling music intensifies]
[music fades]
[woman] There are at least two sides
to every story.
Yours and mine.
Ours and theirs.
-[cell phone dinging]
-His and hers.
Which means someone is always lying.
[girl meowing]
Mew.
Meow.
-[man roars]
-[girl shrieks playfully]
-[girl giggling]
-[man barking. laughing]
Oh. do you dare? Oh. woo-hoo!
-Do you dare wake me up? [roars]
-[giggling]
How are you. baby?
Can I ask you a question?
-Who's the baddest?
-Me!
-Who's the best?
-Who's the bravest?
-Me!
You're damn skippy. Go on.
Go downstairs. Let's get breakfast.
Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go!
-Love you. baby.
-[girl giggling]
[man sighs]
[sighs] Shit.
Hey. d'you take my charger?
[TV playing in background]
Hey. Zoe. where's my charger?
I don't know.
-Hey.
-[man] What. you wanna grow horns?
-Huh?
-[girl] Mm-mm.
-Late night?
-Mm-mm. Not really.
-What can I get you. baby?
-[girl] Strawberries.
Yeah? Strawberries? You gots it.
[Zoe] I didn't hear you come in.
I could've been bumping Megadeth.
you wouldn't have heard.
[Zoe] Okay. don't start with me. Jack.
Vodka's cheaper than Ambien.
[Jack] You know
she's got soccer practice today. right?
-[Zoe] Mm-hmm.
-[Jack] What time does that start?
-[Zoe] Three. four.
-4:30. okay?
4:30 on Wednesdays.
What?
Nothing. Just… you smell good. It's weird.
[Jack scoffs]
Oh. shit. No. wait.
-I can't… I can't take her.
-[Jack] Why?
[Zoe] I told Barbara I might do something.
-So I can't go?
-[Jack] Nah. baby.
What do you mean? I feel like...
You wanna call Barbara
and tell her I can't come tonight?
Baby. I'm taking you to practice.
but I'm coming straight from work.
You know what that means?
You gotta be ready.
That means water. cleats. and?
-Shin guards.
-[Jack] That's right. baby.
Hey. Meg-Meg. I love you.
I love you. love you.
-Bye-bye.
-Bye.
-[Jack] Bye.
-[hip-hop music playing]
♪ Yeah. baby. I like it raw ♪
♪ Shimmy. shimmy. ya
Shimmy. yam. shimmy. yay ♪
♪ Gimme the mic so I can take it away ♪
♪ Off on a natural charge. bon voyage ♪
♪ Yeah. from the home
Of the Dodger Brooklyn squad ♪
♪ Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm ♪
♪ Rain on your college-ass disco dorm ♪
♪ For you to even touch my skill ♪
♪ You gotta go through one killer bee
And he ain't gonna ♪
♪ Baby. I like it raw ♪
[reversed lyrics playing]
[siren wailing]
-Morning. Coming to you!
-♪ Shimmy. shimmy. ya. shimmy. yam… ♪
Hey. What is that? Curbside service?
-It's hot. Yeah. here.
-[Jack] Thank you. Priya.
Okay. All right. let's go.
-[Jack] Where we goin'?
-I texted you. like. 20 times.
-You didn't get my texts?
-Ah… Phone's fucked. What's goin' on?
We've got a dead body.
-[suction sucking]
-[tense music playing]
[man] Right now.
anesthetic's numbing the pain.
but the root's fractured.
That's causing an infection.
Two options.
One. antibiotics. Maybe save the tooth.
Two. pull it.
If it were me. I'd pull it. but I wouldn't
have gone a year between appointments.
-Give me the pills.
-[dentist] Okay.
[Jack] Write the name down
of the person that found the body.
-[Priya] Anonymous call. sir.
-Anonymous? What?
Kimmy couldn't get a name?
What. male. female. nothin'?
No. sir. but I am told
that early indications...
Early indications… Whose indications?
What. Walters? Huh?
-Walters.
-Yeah.
And Bill from booking? Come on.
Morons haven't been on a murder case
in ten years but have early indications?
No. come on. Boston. Don't do that.
You're better than that.
Don't let their narratives
cloud your judgment.
not on a possible homicide investigation.
You want facts. right? Not indications.
No hunches.
Anybody comes at you with a hunch.
shoot that shit down.
especially if they're from around here.
-You're from around here. sir.
-[Jack] Yes. I am.
[chuckling] And I appreciate
you pointing that out.
Okay. Here we go.
[Jack] I just want you to keep in mind
how slow things move around here. right?
[Priya] Not like Atlanta?
[Jack] Not a lot of dead bodies found
in Dahlonega. if you hadn't noticed.
[Priya] Wow.
-[Priya] Morning. Detective Priya Patel.
-[man] Morning.
-How you doin'?
-[Priya] Hi. Good.
-Good morning. Detective.
-Hey. Good morning.
-[sheriff] We've got a good one down here.
-[Priya] Yeah?
[sheriff] Pretty brutal.
I hope you guys aren't squeamish.
It's the worst one I've seen
in a long time.
[Priya] Okay. Do we have
an approximate time of death?
-[sheriff] Not at this time. no.
-[Priya] Okay. Any weapons found?
[sheriff] No.
["Ain't No Love
in the Heart of the City" playing]
♪ Ain't no love ♪
♪ In the heart of the city ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Ain't no love ♪
♪ In the heart of the town ♪
♪ No ♪
-♪ Ain't no love ♪
-[barrier beeping]
♪ And it's sure enough a pity… ♪
Hey. Sam. It's not workin'.
[Sam] Let's look here.
Oh. It expired last year.
Oh…
-All set. Ms. Andrews.
-[chuckles softly]
Glad to have you back.
Thank you.
♪ This whole neighborhood ♪
♪ But now that you're gone ♪
♪ You know the sun don't shine ♪
♪ From the city hall ♪
♪ Down to the county line ♪
[song fades out]
[indistinct background chatter]
-Oh. is that Anna? Hey.
-Oh. is that Anna?
-Did you know she was coming back?
-Mm-mm.
[woman 1] Anna!
-It was Lexy. right?
-[Lexy] Still is.
You look amazing.
What happened to your face?
Excuse me. just on the way to see Jim.
-You're coming back?
-Of course.
[woman 2] Everybody. we're two minutes
to air. Two minutes to air.
Thrilled you're back.
[Anna] You gave her my job?
Oh. Christ. Andrews.
you know it's not that simple.
"Lexy. Anna's back. You're fired."
That's about as complicated
as a ham sandwich. Jim.
-Call her in here. I'll do it for you.
-She's got a contract.
-So do I.
-Did.
I could only keep her
as substitute anchor for so long.
If I didn't make her permanent.
she was gonna walk.
How do you suddenly make that woman
the face of the station. Jim. in Atlanta?
I don't see color.
Look. Anna.
I'm a parent.
I can't imagine the hell
that you've been through.
We feel for you.
All of us.
But no matter how much I sympathize.
you disappeared for a year.
I don't need your sympathy.
Not that I don't appreciate it. Jim.
I do. I just… It's not necessary.
I needed the time. but now I'm good.
and if I have to reinvent myself
and earn my job back. I will.
Why now?
[sighs] A week. a month. a year.
what difference does it make?
Now I'm ready.
And I've worked too hard for too long
to disappear.
I'm sorry. Anna. There's nothing I can do.
-I really am.
-[notification chimes]
[Jim] Oh…
-Dahlonega.
-Sorry?
-They found a body.
-I know.
Let me take it as a field reporter.
[chuckles] Field reporter?!
I mean. reinvention is one thing.
but that's a little far.
-I was born in Dahlonega.
-News to me.
And raised there.
I know the people. They'll talk to me.
About what? It's one body.
We get that every day.
In Atlanta. not in small-town America.
and not when that body
is a murdered white woman.
You don't know it was murder.
and how do you know she was white?
In Dahlonega? Trust me. Jim. she's white.
[sighs]
It could be nothin'.
And if it is. I'll go quietly.
but I think we both know it's not nothin'.
[sighs wearily]
-Field reporter. huh?
-Mm-hmm.
-Field-reporter salary.
-Done.
What's up with your face? I can't have
viewers thinkin' you're stroking out.
Novocaine. It'll wear off by lunch.
And cameraman. who do you want?
Richard.
Richard?
Jones?
As in Lexy's husband? You know him?
No. just of him. but I hear he's the best.
One story. Andrews.
You fuck it up. create problems for me.
you're out. Hear me?
You got two hours. Better hustle
if you're gonna make the news at six.
Thank you. Jim.
Yeah. lucky me.
Fuck!
[Priya] The number of stab wounds.
the frenzied pattern
has me thinking about the message
the killer is trying to send.
consciously or subconsciously.
She's two faced.
Well. there's nothing to suggest duplicity
as a motivation for this kind of violence.
[Jack] That's the message. Boston.
It's on her nails.
Ever seen a dead body?
[Priya] Of course.
Where?
-In school.
-Different. isn't it?
-Yeah. I'll get used to it.
-Yeah. let's hope not.
Look. I want everybody right now.
I want you to ask yourself a question.
"Do I need to be here?"
If the answer is no. please kick rocks
and go up to the perimeter
and help up there.
Everyone else. let's circle it up. okay?
We all got a pretty good idea who that is
layin' on the hood of that car?
A woman's died.
We need to respect that.
respect her family.
I do not want her husband
finding out that he lost his wife today
because this department
can't keep their mouth shut.
So let's be professional.
We're gonna do this properly.
-Yeah?
-[man] Yes. sir.
He's gonna find out from me.
I'm gonna let him know.
I want no one else making contact
with him.
-Is that clear?
-[man] Yes. sir.
[Jack] Okay. I need her cell phone.
I want that phone.
I want it immediately. okay?
Let it be known.
if anyone finds that phone.
don't touch it. don't tinker with it.
bring it right to me.
-Understand that?
-[man] Yes. sir.
Okay. let's. uh…
Let's fan out ten yards at a pace.
We'll pace off the grid in 100 yards
goin' each direction. All right? [claps]
Let's. uh. let's move. yeah?
There's work to do.
[unsettling music playing]
[Jack sighs]
-Detective Harper?
-Yeah?
[unsettling music continues]
[cop 1] Hey. Detective!
[indistinct chattering]
[cop 2] If you get a chance.
call the sheriff.
Find time to get him down here.
-I would appreciate it.
-[cop 3] You got it. sir.
-Anna Andrews.
-Richard Jones.
I know.
Yeah. Jim said
you asked for me personally.
Crime scene's over there.
They haven't secured it. You want me to…
-Get what you can.
-Yeah. I will.
-All right. you need anything?
-Uh. no.
-Touch-ups?
-Oh. probably yes. [chuckles]
-All right. Make yourself at home.
-All right. will do.
[cop 4] Wally! You wanna look. hustle up
before they throw a sheet over her.
[Wally] I'm comin' as fast as I can.
[Priya] We have a boot print. Wanna look?
-[Jack] It's worthless.
-It looks recent.
No. no. the entire crime scene's
a forensic disaster.
I don't care if it's recent.
You had a million people tromping
around here like Grand Central Station.
"Recent". what's that mean?
But it's surrounded
by the victim's footprints.
Do not jump to conclusions.
all right. Boston? You can't…
How in the world would you know
those footprints belong to the victim?
Because they were made by bare feet.
-[cop 4] Move back!
-[horn honking]
[Jack] I need you to get
a group of people together.
Keep those parasites off the crime scene.
You see 'em there? Go ahead. go get to it.
-Uh. I could talk to forensics instead.
-Just do what I asked. please. Thank you.
-You got it.
-[Jack] Yeah.
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Stop right there.
Sir. what are you doing?
You need to get behind the police line.
Excuse me. we need you to clear this area.
This is an active crime scene.
We'll be setting up a wider perimeter
in a moment.
but for now. we need you to stay back.
Refrain from filming. sir.
Stop. Sir. stop filming.
Excuse me. please.
I… I've asked you to push back.
We are working here.
-Clear out to the wider perimeter.
-[Jack] Ladies and gentlemen!
Ladies and gentlemen. excuse me.
I'm Detective Harper.
I need everyone to calm down. all right?
Let our deputies do our job.
I'd really appreciate it.
Now look. we've formed
a larger perimeter by the east entrance.
If you follow this track down.
I'm gonna ask you
to position yourself there.
We'll come back when we have something.
Can you confirm or deny
whether this is a murder investigation?
This morning. uh. Lumpkin County
Sheriff's Office got a… a report.
an anonymous call about a body being found
in the National Forest in Dahlonega.
Some deputies came out.
and. uh. they did find a body.
Uh. female. thirties. Caucasian.
She hasn't been formally identified.
Once she has and we notify
the next of kin. we'll release that name.
We can't give you any more.
That's all. Thank you very much.
-[woman] Come on. Detective.
-I need...
Why the large police presence
if it's not a murder?
[Jack] No cause of death's been. uh.
been determined at this time.
Again. when we have something.
we'll. uh. share it.
We have a job to do.
You need to respect that.
We're gonna respect
that you have a job to do as well.
I need you to move to that perimeter.
-Thank you. that's all.
-[man] Have you identified a suspect?
[woman] What can you tell us?
Detective Harper.
is it true you knew her?
[tense music playing]
[journalists calling out]
-Jeez. what was with that reporter?
-What you talkin' 'bout?
Why… why would she assume
you knew the victim?
Small town. She's just takin' a shot.
Seems like more than that to me.
She's a reporter. Boston.
She's stirrin' shit. It's what she does.
Look. do me a favor.
Why don't you get a ride with one
of these guys to the coroner's office?
I just gotta go handle something
real quick.
I'll see you down there.
Hey. how'd you know about the detective
and victim knowing each other?
She hasn't even been ID'd yet.
I didn't state they knew each other.
I asked. There's a difference.
Not to the average viewer.
Mm-hmm. Exactly.
That's why it was the perfect question.
Writing a book.
-What?
-Come on.
You were gonna ask me
what I've been doing the past year.
That's okay. I was writing a book.
Well. good for you. What's it about?
About the historical importance
of female news anchors.
[Richard] Ooh! [chuckles]
So what'd you do for the other 11 months?
Boom. tsh!
[chuckling]
-I walked right into that one. didn't I?
-Mm.
[Anna sighs]
No. um…
I mean. for the record. I know… why.
I'm sorry.
About your kid and everything.
Yeah.
[sighs]
So…
Richard Jones.
married to rising star Lexy Jones.
What's that like?
[Richard sighs]
[Anna] Exciting?
Lonely?
Right.
Friends tell you it must be exciting
to have a celebrity wife.
or what passes for a celebrity in Atlanta.
but it's not. is it?
People recognize her in the grocery store.
ask you to take their photo.
Next to her. you're invisible.
She leaves at two
for the four and the six.
and she stays for the 11.
Then there's meetings after.
so she doesn't get home until after one.
You're already asleep. so
goodbye. sex.
She makes five times more money
than you do.
-No. no. that's not true.
-And you're happy that she does.
But it creates an imbalance.
so happy or not.
it hurts you both.
Wow.
That's good.
Is that an excerpt from the prologue
or from Chapter One?
[both chuckling]
[Richard] Oh. please.
[cell phone ringing]
[Jack] Hey. Sheriff.
[sheriff] Rachel Hopkins? Does Clyde know?
I'm on my way there now.
Stabbed. Jesus.
-What evidence you got so far?
-[Jack] We're off to a slow start.
The rain. you know.
washed most of the evidence away.
No cell phone found.
[sheriff] Keep me in the loop. got it?
Jack!
-Jack. are you listening to me?
-Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
-Keep me in the loop.
-The loop. you bet.
[uneasy music playing]
[Jack] Jeannine Wilcox.
Morning. Jack. Come to arrest me?
Criminal like you. jail ain't been built
bad enough to hold you down.
-[chuckles]
-[Jack] What room is she in?
-You know I'm not supposed to say.
-[Jack sighs]
There you go. Hey. the. uh. guy she with.
you got his name?
-[Jeannine] Richard Jones.
-Richard Jones.
-Appreciate you. Jeannine.
-[Jeannine] Mm-hmm.
-Tell your mama I say hi. okay?
-I will do.
[Jack] Yeah.
[both moaning. panting]
Yes. your fucking body's amazing.
[panting]
[sighs]
[Anna panting]
[chuckles incredulously]
-[Anna] Yes! Yes!
-[Richard grunting]
Jesus Christ.
[both panting. moaning]
-[panting]
-[knocking on door]
-Ignore It.
-[Richard] Okay.
[knocking on door]
No. thank you.
-Maybe I should see who it is.
-[Anna] Don't you fucking dare.
Yes. yes. yes! Oh my God. I'm so close.
[moaning]
[pounding on door]
Fuck.
[sighs]
Fuck!
[whispers] Who is it?
[Anna breathing heavily]
Wanna try again?
Guess that's a no.
[Anna] Fucking Jack.
Who's Jack?
[Anna] Detective Harper.
Harper?
-You know him?
-Pretty well.
How well?
He's my husband.
-[chuckles]
-[door opens]
[Anna] See you at 5:30.
[uneasy music playing]
I don't care about all that.
-I just want the phone.
-[Priya] Yes. sir.
Tell them that the search is not over
until it's found. understand?
I've asked for a trace on the phone.
Hey. listen. I want you to call
Jordan Scott. Atlanta Homicide.
Tell them we need
a P2P background check on a Richard...
-Wait. sir...
-Sh.
Don't talk. just listen.
It's Richard. yeah?
Robert. Ida. Charlie… Hang on.
-Why are we running a check on him?
-[horn honking]
[Jack] Anna! Shit.
-Priya. you there?
-Yes. sir.
-Why am I running a background check?
-For once. you just do what I ask.
[Jim] Well?
[Anna] Well. unidentified white female
found this morning
off the main drag
in Chattahoochee National Forest.
For Christ's sake. Anna.
tell me something I don't know.
-I'm getting to it. She was murdered.
-Has that been confirmed?
Yes.
Suspects?
I'm working on it.
Okay. good. You and Richard stay in town.
Get some color. Nice work.
Thanks.
[sighs heavily]
[uneasy music playing]
Mom?
Oh!
[Anna] It's me.
[exhales] Oh.
Anna? [sobs]
Hey. baby. Hey.
Oh. you're back.
You're back.
-Mm.
-Hi.
Hello. beautiful girl.
[knocking on door]
[door opens]
[Jack] Hey. Miss Alice.
Hey. Jackie. Hey.
What in the hell. Jack?
Did you move the trash bags?
They in there somewhere. Jackie.
Listen. look here. Look who's here.
[Jack] You take your pills. Miss Alice?
-She doesn't take pills.
-[Alice] Everybody takes pills.
There he is.
Over there looking like death.
eating a soda cracker. [chuckles]
-How you doing. Miss Alice?
-Hey.
-I'm gonna make you coffee.
-Jack don't want coffee.
[Alice] Jack always wants coffee.
-Jack loves coffee.
-Why is Jack here?
[Alice] Ooh. somebody left their manners
in Atlanta.
-Can we talk?
-[Anna] I don't know. can we?
Are you following me?
Huh?
Huh? Are you following me?
-Hey. Anna. how you doing? Good?
-Yeah. good. Jack.
Good. good.
It's really great to see you. It's great.
Wanna tell me what you're doin'?
What are you doin'. Anna?
What are you doin'. Jack?
-Hmm?
-Why would you…
In the forest. why would you ask me that?
[Anna scoffs] No cause of death?
She was murdered. Jack. I know it.
-So? Who was it?
-Y…
You cannot cover this story. You cannot.
Why not?
-Just don't.
-Gonna have to give me more than that.
I don't have to give you
a fucking thing. Anna.
[sighs]
For Christ's sake. Jack. It's me.
Who was it. Jack?
-What. Jack. you don't trust me?
-[Jack scoffs]
-What? You wanna know who it was?
-[Anna] Yes.
Okay. it was Rachel Hopkins.
How'd she die?
Rachel Hopkins. Anna. your friend.
She was stabbed to death. How about that?
We weren't close.
-[Jack] Don't.
-You got any suspects?
-[Jack] Stop.
-Persons of interest?
[Jack] Would you stop?
Look. Anna. you… you can't tell anyone.
All right? Are we clear?
-[Anna] We're clear.
-I'm not asking you. I'm telling you.
No one knows. Her husband doesn't.
-No one in this town knows. okay?
-Jack. I said I won't.
[Alice] Jackie. boy.
when did you get here?
[Jack] Hey. Miss Alice. I'm just…
I'm just here to check on you. that's all.
Mama. you literally just saw him.
When?
I was about to make some…
I was just about to make some coffee.
Stay.
You like my coffee.
I don't like your coffee. Miss Alice.
I love your coffee.
I'll just… be out on the porch.
[Jack] It was two or three in the morning.
They found her walking
down the middle of the road.
She was naked.
It's getting worse. Anna.
-[sighs]
-It really is.
I'm guessing it's some sort
of dementia or Alzheimer's...
What do you mean. guessing. Jack?
She hasn't seen a doctor?
No. she hasn't seen a doctor. She…
She's still your mother.
I can't get her to do anything. She's…
We're doing our best. Anna.
[Anna] Thank you.
[Jack] I hate it here so fucking much.
[Anna] Why'd you leave Atlanta. then?
-[Jack] I didn't know where else to go.
-[Anna] To your own place?
-[sighs]
-You're a grown man.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
I lost my job. Anna.
Looking for you. I lost my job.
You know that?
Well. I'd fire you too. Jack.
-A detective who can't find his wife.
-For Christ's sake.
Good thing I found you today. right?
At the manor. room five.
-I sure as shit found you.
-You do not wanna go there.
Not sure whether you were
on your belly or your back.
Heard you too. Yeah.
-Hey.
-[Alice] Hey.
Just makin' up your bed
in case you wanna stay.
Mom. you been feeling okay?
Towels.
I gotta put 'em in the dryer.
[uneasy music playing]
[uneasy music continues]
[music fades]
[uneasy music resumes]
[chuckles softly]
[uneasy music continues]
[exhales sharply]
-…shallow puncture wounds.
-Yes. as opposed to up here.
Hey. Doc. I'm so sorry I'm late.
Detective Harper.
I see you've met my better half here.
Detective Harper. Dr. Turner.
Okay.
Uh. so. uh. what do… what… what do we got?
-[Turner] The stab wounds killed her.
-Okay.
Even though it was a short blade.
-[Jack] How short?
-Paring-knife short.
If she'd only been stabbed once or twice.
she might've survived.
but as you can see.
she died of blood loss.
-How many?
-[Turner] Forty.
Forty…
-[Priya] Were her nails cut postmortem?
-[Turner] Let's hope so.
[Jack] What? Why's that?
Well. they're cut
past the hyponychium. the…
Commonly referred to as a quick.
-Got it.
-[Turner] Mm. Very painful.
Forty stab wounds.
but no defensive wounds.
Look at her hands.
[Turner] She probably knew him.
Him?
We found semen. fresh. and plenty of it.
The semen belongs to the killer?
Either the victim had sex
and was stabbed 40 times.
or she was stabbed 40 times
and someone had sex with her.
Either way. Scotland Yard in me
says there's your killer.
[uneasy music playing]
I'll need DNA samples from everybody
who worked the scene this morning.
including both of you.
to eliminate any cross contamination.
I understand the crime scene
was a bit of a circus.
I can swab you both right now
if you'd like.
Yeah. we'll. uh. come back.
get those to you tomorrow.
-[Turner] Okay. Detective.
-[Jack] Gotta get back to Dahlonega.
Gotta let her husband know
before the town finds out.
Hey. uh. Boston. I'll be in the truck.
[video camera beeps]
[chatter. laughter on video]
[upbeat music playing on video]
[girls squealing happily on video]
[girl 1] Go. Anna!
[Anna] Helen. Rachel.
Come on!
Happy birthday!
-[Anna] Zoe!
-[all giggling]
[girl 1] Catherine!
[girls cheering]
Happy birthday. Anna!
Anna. what about you?
Are you gonna get a birthday kiss?
[Anna] I don't know about that. Rachel.
-[girls giggling]
-[girl 2] Anna!
Sweet 16!
You sure?
-[Anna] Maybe if I get my nails done too.
-[girls chuckling]
[Catherine screams]
Are there snakes in here?
[Rachel] Come on. come on.
We're almost there.
Anna. you're gonna love this.
-Come on.
-[Zoe] They're all over me! [laughing]
Shit!
-[singing fanfare] Da-da-da-da!
-Surprise. Anna!
What do you think?
[uneasy music playing]
[uneasy music intensifies]
[Turner] Hmm.
[uneasy music building]
[Turner] What the heck?
Oh.
Huh.
[music fades]
[Jack] How about this. Boston?
Pays to be the pizza king
of North Georgia. huh?
[Priya] Sir. do you find it strange
Ms. Hopkins' husband...
[Jack] Hasn't reported her missing?
Sure do.
-[doorbell rings]
-[dog barking]
[cell phone buzzing]
[doorbell rings]
Do it again.
[Priya] Lights aren't on.
Come on. We'll come back in the morning.
[buzzing continues]
-[Jim] You better not be bullshittin' me.
-I'm not.
Am I live at six or not. Jim?
You're live at six. just like you wanted.
Okay. thank you.
[pensive music playing]
[reporter on TV] At the top of the hour.
new details emerge
about the Dahlonega woman found dead…
[Zoe] Something finally happens
in Dahlonega.
and I can't even get ahold
of my own brother?
Spit it out! Who's the stiff?
[reporter] Don't go anywhere
because that's all ahead.
[pensive music continues]
[sighs]
Oh God.
Goddammit. Jack.
[reporter] It's 6:00 p.m. and…
-Meg asleep?
-[Zoe] Sh. I'm trying to listen.
…with Lexy Jones.
[news theme playing]
We bring you breaking news tonight
as the body of a woman was found…
Watch. Jack.
They probably solved it for you already.
Lumpkin County Sheriff's office could not
confirm the identity of the victim
nor the circumstances of her death.
But tonight. we can bring you
a WSK-TV news exclusive.
Anna Andrews is live from Dahlonega
with the latest.
Wait. Anna's back?
She looks skinny.
Jack. did you know that Anna's back?
…a woman's body was discovered
in the woods just behind me.
Now. while
the Lumpkin County Sheriff's Office
have refused to identify the victim
or the cause of death.
our investigation has uncovered both.
A confidential source has told me
that 40-year-old local resident
Rachel Hopkins was stabbed to death.
Rachel?
[Anna] While no further details
are available at this point.
when I know something. you will too.
For WSK. I'm Anna Andrews in Dahlonega.
Goddammit.
God. what a fucking…
[Richard] And we're off.
Fuck yeah.
[female reporter] …a woman's body
was discovered…
-[Richard] Wrapsy-daisy.
-[Anna] Yeah.
[thunder rumbling]
[unsettling music playing]
-[woman panting]
-[man grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
-Fuck me harder.
-[Jack moans]
[Rachel panting]
[Rachel moans]
[Jack grunting]
[music fades]
[mysterious music playing]
[music fades out]